1) Tell me about your experiance ?   
   ok so maam since nov 2023 I have been working with hisan lab comapany. 
   My role particularly involved in operational part of where i gained  
   DevOps. If i Talk about my roles and responsibility  i was resposible for writing....  

2) Current CTC ??  
   180000  

3) Any offer letter you have ??
   i don't have offer letter right now.    

4) what is your notice period ???  
   i joined the hisan labs in 15 nov and i complete my 11 month in 15 octobar.   
   or  15  days or less because of intership.   

5) Extected CTC ??   
   as per my skills and experiance i am looking for around 6 lpa  But i would happy to know your budget as well.  

6) In which month you passout ??
   In jun month i completed my graduation, after that i start preparing for interview, then i got intership in nov.  


7) if they ask you to continue with there organization ?? if no then any particular reason ? 
   
   Yes, They said me that that you can continoue our company, 
   but i dont't want to swith the company because of financial as well as techinical growth.  
   Another reason is that i  want to work with more challenging and complex project.  
  

8) what is expectations from company ??  
   good work life balance.   
   company  need to focus on employes technical as well as financial growth.  

9) what are your short term goals ?  
   Right now my short term goal is to place in reputed comanany for improvent in techinal growth.   

10) What is your long term goals ?  
    To be honest i am not thinking about long term because life has different plan for us & just go with th flow.   

11) Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
    Maybe in 5 years our became the most succesfful tech company in india and i am the leader of your company.   

12) What is your weaknesses ?  
    Ok so  my weeknesses are, If any technial topic is to much intresting i go to much deeper inside that topic,  
    this is the only weekness i have.  

13) what is your strenth ?  
    adapt new environement or new technology to quickly. If i don't know about that topic but i know how to learn that particular topic to quickly.   


14) what do ou want to join this company ?  
    I think my skills mathches really well for this opportunity,
    And i saw your company is really reputed company thats why i think i am the perfect candidate for this position.   


15) what you work in privious day ?  



when i switch i will get different project to work on thats why i am swithching. And another reason is the financial growth also...  









college  end  ---> in june (6) ---> 5-to-6 months preparing for the interview.  (5-6 months gap)   

Then i got intership of 11 months in Hisan Labs 

15 nov 2023 --->  15 octobar 2024   == 11 months  

for techinal as well as financial growth i switching towards to reputed company.   

