Introduction (name, residing, complted graduation from, since nov... where i gained , At hisan my role par...)
└── DevOps (In DevOps domain) (i have hands on experience in working with...)
     ├── Github  
        └── (managed project code locally, with git functions.., along with managing pull     requests)       
    
     ├── Docker  
        └── (run application in the form of containers, custom images, docker registry)  
     
     ├── kubernetes   
        └──  ( managed clusters and there nodes, worked with objects like replicaset, deployment, 
               managed external access usinig services... , along with ingress for contro... ) 
     
     ├── Terraform 
        └── ( created infra in the form of code, aws, declarative language, work with terraform mudules to resuse...)   
     
     ├── Terraform  
        └── (created pipeline using building tool like... , testing tool... , deployed over apache...)   

This was my summary of work in DevOps 


└── Aws (As for Aws) (i experience in working with various services such as,  )
     ├── IAM
        └── (managed users, groups and roles and attached diffrent policies to them)   
     
     
     
     ├── Networking services (vpc & route53)
        └── (created private vpc and its components like subnet and route tables, In subnet private and 
            public subnet, Also, established connection beteween .... with vpc peering)   

As for  └── (managed Dns configurations, including domain regi.., hosted ... & worked with 
route53      different routing policies like weighted, latency based, geolocation based  )
        
     
    
    
     ├── Database services (RDS)  &

     ├── Storage services (s3 and efs)  
         (managed object storage, public private bucket... , managed s3 lifecycle using multiple stogare 
          classes, Also done cross region replication of bucket. )

This was my  summary of work in Aws 



└── Linux (Apart from that )
     ├── Desktop os & server os 

     ├── I Also Have Basic understanding of writing shell scripting for automation. 
     ├── & Also created backups using tools like tar & cronjob.  
    
     { Optional

     ├── Implemented security using firewall, SELinux & sudo previledges
     ├── monitored systems using top and netstat 
     ├── managed filesystem 
     ├── work with disk partitions 
     ├── Created logical volumes 

     ├── Worked netwoking services like (ssh, ftp, http & nfs) 

     }   







     

-------------------
Basic Introduction
-------------------
Hellow, [Shubham] my name is mayur, i am  currently residing in pune. 
- I completed my graduation from indira college of engineering and management.  
- Since nov 2023 i have been working with hisan labs company, where i gained the extensive experience in 
devOps methoodology, Aws & Linux System Administrator.   
           At XYZ company my role particularly involved in operational part of devOps.   


----------
DevOps 
----------
In devOps domain I have hands on experience with various tools such as version control with git and 
github, where i managed project code locally with git fucntions like Branching, mergeing & rebasing, 
Along with forking and managing pull requests.  

i worked with containerization tool like docker where i run my application in the form of containers. 
also crearted cutome images as per company requirement & pushed over docker registry.  

[Shubham] my main work comes under the kubernetes where i managed clusters and there nodes & worked with 
objects like replicaset, deployment to deploy the pods.   
I also managed its external access using services  like loadbalancer, nodeport & clusterIp along with 
Ingress for controlling the incoming traffic.   

I also wotk with terraform where i created infra in the form of code, mainly for the aws. hence i 
familier with declarative language as well.  I also work with terraform modules to resue my at any point 
of time as well  

I also experience with CICD tool like jenkins, where i created pipeline using building tools like maven, 
testing tool like sonarqube & deployed over apache tomcat.  


------ 
Aws 
-----  

As for Aws, I experience in working with various services like IAm where i managed users, group & roles 
and attached different policies to them, 

I have also work with computational services like Ec2, where i created launch templates & customes amis 
as per requirement. also work with auto scaling group and attached load balancer to volume group, to 
optimised the performance of the server.   

I have also work with netwoking services like vpc & Route53 where i create private vpc & Its componenets 
like subnet & oute tables.  In subnet I created public and private subnet & In private subnet i hosted 
my main server and in public subnet i hosted the proxy server. Also astablishing the connection between 
two different region vpc with with the help of VPC peering.   
    As for route53 i managed the DNS configuartion Including domain registartion, hosted zone and worked 
    with DNS routing policy like weighted, latency based & geolocation based.  

I also work with database services like RDS & storage services like EFS & s3 where i managed the object 
storage. I also created public and private bucket. In private bucket i stored the sensitive data like 
terraform .tfstate file and in public bucket i hosted a static website.  Also managed the s3 lifecycle 
using multiple storage classes. Also done cross region replication of the bucket.  

This was my summary of work in Aws.   


------
Linux 
------  

Apart from that, I have also experience with handling desktop os like ubuntu and windows & server os 
like centos in which i managed users and groups.  
- Also implemeted security using firewall, SELinux, sudo previledges & monitored the system using 
commands like top, netstat.

- Also managed file system and worked with disk partitions and created logical volumes as per storage 
requirement.  

- Also worked with networking services like SSH, Ftp, HTTP & NFS

- I also have the basic understanding of writing shell scripting for automation, using that i created 
backups with tools like tar & cronjob 
